# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.dev.in --output-file=requirements.dev.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
allure-pytest==2.13.5
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
allure-python-commons==2.13.5
    # via allure-pytest
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anthropic==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.2.4
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deep-translator
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
bracex==2.5
    # via wcmatch
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nltk
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
coverage==7.6.1
    # via
    #   coveralls
    #   pytest-cov
coveralls==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyopenssl
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deep-translator==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
django==5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-extensions
django-allauth==64.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
docopt==0.6.2
    # via coveralls
ebooklib==0.18
    # via -r requirements.txt
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
faker==27.0.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
fasttext==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.141.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
griffe==1.0.0
    # via mkdocstrings-python
grpcio==1.65.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   jupyterlab
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.24.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tokenizers
identify==2.6.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.26.0
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nltk
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.4
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
langchain==0.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.1.23
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-community==0.2.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-core==0.2.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-mistralai==0.1.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-openai==0.1.21
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.1.99
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ebooklib
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-awesome-pages-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.0.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-awesome-pages-plugin==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.5.31
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.10.8
    # via mkdocstrings
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
natsort==8.4.0
    # via mkdocs-awesome-pages-plugin
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fasttext
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
ollama==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
openai==1.40.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langsmith
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
pre-commit==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pybind11==2.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fasttext
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pylint==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via pylint-django
pymdown-extensions==10.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   allure-pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   faker
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pre-commit
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.7.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coveralls
    #   deep-translator
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   tiktoken
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
selenium==4.23.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==72.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fasttext
    #   jupyterlab
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   ebooklib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   transliterate
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain-mistralai
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transliterate==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
trio==0.26.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==4.0.2
    # via mkdocs
wcmatch==9.0
    # via mkdocs-awesome-pages-plugin
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   selenium
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
