# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in --output-file=requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.40.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-allauth
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deep-translator
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
cached-property==2.0.1
    # via genanki
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
chevron==0.14.0
    # via genanki
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.20.0
    # via weasel
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via pyopenssl
cymem==2.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
deep-translator==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
django==5.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-extensions
django-allauth==65.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-widget-tweaks==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ebooklib==0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
fasttext==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via genanki
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via huggingface-hub
genanki==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.10
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.155.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.3
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.68.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.26.5
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via spacy
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-mistralai==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.2.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via langchain
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
langsmith==0.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lxml==5.3.0
    # via ebooklib
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   fasttext
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
ollama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.57.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via fasttext
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   confection
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via httplib2
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   genanki
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   deep-translator
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   spacy
    #   tiktoken
    #   weasel
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   fasttext
    #   marisa-trie
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ebooklib
    #   transliterate
smart-open==7.0.5
    # via weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
srsly==2.5.0
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
thinc==8.2.5
    # via spacy
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via langchain-mistralai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   spacy
transliterate==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.15.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via smart-open
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
